► A GAME FIT FOR A KING

Looking for a medieval game where you get to play a King who is building his kingdom from the ground up? Royal Lands has the perfect blend of strategy and idle gameplay for all ages to enjoy – harvest items, build your kingdom, and gain citizens, but also go on adventures to conquer castles and enemies as your realm grows! This exciting game will hone your strategy skills to the max as you try and balance feeding your growing population, earning gold, and conquering kingdoms.
 
► IDLE ADVENTURE 

You begin the game as a lowly peasant king, with no citizens or land to your name – just an axe and the desire to be the greatest of them all! Harvest wood, berries, rocks, and more, then use these to feed the people who decide to follow you or to build your kingdom. Of course no medieval castle game is complete without battles, so be prepared to attack your neighbors and steal their land, as well as defend your own.

► Mylord will like:

◾Emphasis on strategy – This tower defense game is more than just the sum of its parts. You’ll need to keep track of and balance all sorts of needs within your realm, from harvesting food to collecting payment. On top of that you’ll need to manage your army and keep your kingdom up and running, which is no easy task!

◾ Idle aspect  – While you’ll need to use your noggin to figure out the best methods for harvesting strawberries and mining rocks, the game’s idle aspect keeps this fun and chill. Soon you’ll have tons of workers at your beck and call, ready to build, defend, and harvest for their leader. But don’t worry, any time you want to take a little break from the action and take part in the harvest, you’re more than welcome!

◾ Endless options  – As you raise your kingdom from the forest floor, have fun building it just the way you want. Customize your character, choose how you want to spend your time in the game, and more! Plus there are tons of new territories being added, meaning there’s always something new and exciting to come explore in the game.
 
► TEST THE LEADERSHIP

If you’re a fan of tower defense, strategy, and save the king games, Royal Lands is sure to float your boat (and build your castle!) Enjoy all the fun of idle games while also going on exciting adventures to capture castles, grow your kingdom. 

As you build you’ll unlock tons of exciting new lands to conquer, items to harvest and use, and citizens to care for your land and fill out your army, so hop in the game now to test and see if you’ve got what it takes to be a king!

Privacy Policy: https://say.games/privacy-policy
Terms of Use: https://say.games/terms-of-use